# Jurisdiction-Specific Privacy Addenda

#### Last Modified February 17, 2022

1. **Section 1.  California Consumer Privacy Act.** The following provisions apply to you if you are a California resident or use the Website in California. For the purposes of this Section 1, “Personal Information” is information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device, and does not include information that is publicly available, or deidentified or aggregated information.

   1. You have the right to request that we disclose to you the Personal Information we collect, use, disclose, and sell, including (i) the categories of, and specific pieces of, Personal Information that we have collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources from which the Personal Information was collected; (iii) the business or commercial purpose for collecting such Personal Information; (iv) if any, the categories of third parties with whom we have shared such Personal Information; and (v) if any, the categories of your personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose.

   2. You have the right to request that we delete any Personal Information about you which we have collected from you, unless that information is necessary for us to retain pursuant to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.105(d), which for instance, allows retention of such information for completing the transaction for which the Personal Information was collected, detecting security incidents, or complying with a legal obligation. 

   3. To submit requests for information or deletion pursuant to Section 1.1 or 1.2, you may reach out via email to support@leagueos.gg or call the following toll-free number: 1-800-800-8000. Please note that we can only delete information which is stored on our systems. Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a request for information or deletion. We cannot respond to a request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. We will make a determination regarding whether the information provided by you for verification purposes is reliable, and if not, we may request additional information, or may decline to provide certain information to you. Without limiting the verification procedures available to us:  

      1. If you have an Account on the Website, we may require that you make your request through the use of your Account, and we may also require you to re-authenticate your Account before we act on your request. 

      2. If you do not have an Account, we may request certain data points from you to compare those with the information we have on file for you. We may require at least three data points from you, which must match our records, in order to disclose sensitive information. In our discretion, we may require a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that the personal information you request is about you, if you are requesting certain types of sensitive information set forth above. We may require that at least two data points match our records for information deemed less sensitive.

      3. If a person or entity purporting to be your authorized agent reaches out on your behalf to obtain information or request deletion of information pursuant to this Privacy Policy, and unless that agent has provided a power of attorney to us, we may require that you verify your identify directly with us, or directly confirm to us that you have provided the agent permission to submit such request on your behalf.

   4. For a request under Section 1.1, we will endeavor to disclose and deliver requested information to you, without charge, within 45 days of receiving your request, and if an extension of such timeframe is reasonably necessary, we will provide you notice of such extension. The information provided will cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request. We are not required to provide such information more than twice in a 12-month period. Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. We are not required to, and may not in some cases, retain Personal Information about you if you have submitted the Personal Information in a one-time transaction.

   5. We will not discriminate against you in violation of Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.125 for exercising your rights set forth in this Section 1. 

   6. We do not sell, or disclose, release, transfer, or otherwise communicate your Personal Information to any third-party for monetary of other valuable consideration, and we do not have knowledge that we have sold the Personal Information of any consumers under 16 years of age. 

   7. We have collected certain information from the following categories of Personal Information as set forth in Cal. Civ. Code 1798.140(o)(1), from our users in the past 12 months: (i) identifiers, such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers; (ii) internet or other similar network activity information, including, but not limited to, as browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement; (iii) geolocation data; and (iv) inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. 

   8. We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the categories of sources set forth in Section 3 of our Privacy Policy. We collect the categories of personal information for the business purposes set forth in Sections 5 and 6 of our Privacy Policy. 

   9. For questions regarding our privacy policies and practices under the California Consumer Privacy Act, please reach out to us at legal@leagueos.gg. 
