# Privacy Policy

#### Last Modified February 17, 2022

Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. By accessing or using the Services, you agree to this Privacy Policy; if you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use the Services. Our Terms of Use (located at [https://www.leagueos.gg/terms](https://www.leagueos.gg/terms)) is incorporated herein by reference, and capitalized terms used herein have the meaning set forth in the Terms of Use. 

We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Such changes, modifications, additions, or deletions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by means of posting a notification on this site or by other means. We may make non-substantive updates or clarify existing provisions without notifying you. It is your responsibility to review this site and this Privacy Policy periodically and to be aware of any modifications. Your continued use of the site after such modifications will constitute your acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy and you agree to be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.

1. **The Information We Collect.**
   1. We may collect certain information from you described in the categories below (collectively, “Information”): 

      1. Information by which you may be personally identified, such as your name, age or birthdate, email address, telephone number, physical address, country of residence, internet protocol address, billing or payment information, or other information which is capable of identifying you (collectively “Personal Information”); and 

      2. Data regarding how the Services are accessed and used by you, including but not limited to your access times, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers, content you have accessed or seen, the Leagues you have participated in, your success and/or performance in those Leagues, the time you spend playing specific games, the time you spend participating in League activities, and other similar data (collectively, “Usage Data”). 

   2. Personal Information is intended to be collected only for Users with Accounts; however, if any Information is provided to us in any manner by any User, this Privacy Policy will apply to such Information. Usage Data and is collected for every User of the Website and is not intended to be capable of personally identifying you, except that we may associate such Usage Data with your unique identifier in our internal systems. 

2. **Disclaimer.** You acknowledge that when you choose to participate in any public aspect of the Website, including participation in a public League, or participating in any live streaming activity related to your League whether through LeagueOS or a third party, there may be inherent risks in doing so related to your data privacy, and third parties may attempt to use or derive information from your User Content in such scenarios. You acknowledge that your decision to use these public aspects of the Website or other public services which are accessible through or linked from the Website, and to upload or transmit any User Content through the same, is your sole decision, and we cannot guarantee that any unauthorized copying, use, or distribution by other Users or third parties will not take place. To the extent that you reveal any personally-identifiable information in the course of uploading or streaming User Content in any manner, you do so at your own risk, and LeagueOS is not and cannot be responsible for the use by third parties of such information you reveal. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT LEAGUEOS’S RESPONSIBILITIES TO YOU REGARDING THE COLLECTION, USE, DISCLOSURE, AND PROTECTION OF YOUR DATA DO NOT EXTEND TO DATA WHICH LEAGUEOS DOES NOT CONTROL, OR WHICH YOU DETERMINE TO DISCLOSE OR PROVIDE DIRECTLY TO ANOTHER USER OR THIRD PARTY. YOU HEREBY AGREE THAT LEAGUEOS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY UNAUTHORIZED COPYING, USE, OR DISTRIBUTION YOUR CONTENT BY THIRD PARTIES, AND RELEASE AND FOREVER WAIVE ANY CLAIMS YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST US FOR ANY SUCH UNAUTHORIZED USE UNDER ANY THEORY. 

3. **Collection of Information.** We collect Information directly from you when you provide it to us through the use of any of our Services; automatically as you navigate through the Website and Services; and from certain third parties who we have engaged to perform services for us or who may collect such data from you subject to their own policies. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, please note that we will collect any Information you choose to provide to a League when you join a League. The Information you provide or include in any League profile will be considered non-confidential, non-proprietary, and, as to public Leagues, may be public. You should not provide any Information when you participate in a League that you do not desire to be made available to other Users of the Website or made public as applicable. 

4. **Cookie Policy.** Information may be obtained from you through the use of cookies if you opt into the use of cookies when that option is made available to you. Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. We may make cookies available to give you the best online experience possible. The cookies we use do not contain personally identifiable information; however, once you choose to enter our site with personally identifiable information that information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. 

5. **How We Use Your Information.** We may use your Information in the manners set forth below.

   1. We will use your Information to operate the Website, perform or fulfill Services requested by you, deliver information to you about our products and services, improve and tailor our products and services to better fit our Users, inform you of changes to our Website or our policies, to solicit additional information from you from time to time, and to provide information about LeagueOS’s current Services and any updated or additional Services.

   2. We may use your Information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, and enforce our agreements with you, including our policies, and complete any purchases you make through the Website. 

   3. We may use, reproduce, copy, and publish, and you hereby grant permission for us and our licensors to use, reproduce, copy, and publish Usage Data, and data derived from your Personal Information which has been de-identified and aggregated such that it is no longer capable of identifying you. We may use the same for any lawful purpose, including sharing the same with League Owners, and making such information available to Sponsors.    

   4. We may use your Information for any other specific purpose that we communicate to you upon collection of the same, and for any purpose that you approve or for which you direct us to use such Information. 

6. **Disclosure of Your Information.** We may disclose and share Information with third parties as set forth below.

   1. We may share your Information with our subsidiaries and affiliates, and with contractors, service providers, and other third parties who we have engaged in order to continue to develop our Website, improve our Services, and provide the Services to you. For example, we may share your Information with IT service providers, such that they may support our IT systems, provide hosting, processing, and analyzing services with respect to information and data collected, and provide maintenance of such systems, in the course of the performance of a contract or on the basis of other legitimate interests.

   2. Your information may be shared for a short period of time with third parties through an application programming interface (an API), which we may use when you create your Account to help us verify who you are. We will instruct any such third party not to retain any of your Personal Information in their system; however, they may keep a record of the numbers of their users who created an Account with LeagueOS and accessed the relevant API. 

   3. While we will not sell your Personal Information to unaffiliated third parties. However, please note that we may provide Usage Data, and data derived from your Personal Information which has been de-identified and aggregated such that it is no longer capable of identifying you, to League Owners and to Sponsors who are Users of the Website, which may monetarily benefit us.

   4. You may be given the option to share Personal Information with third parties or other Users through the Website. If you opt into to doing so, your Personal Information will be shared in the manners described to you when you opt in.

   5. You acknowledge that Sponsors will have access to de-identified and aggregated data about Users and certain Leagues to verify engagement and make a determination about sponsoring such a League. League Owners may also have access to certain data about you that you provide when joining a League, or that constitutes aggregated data about your historical participation and performance. In our Terms of Use, we have instructed League Owners and Sponsors not to sell such data. However, you acknowledge that LeagueOS cannot prevent every instance of disclosure. We encourage you to report a League Owner or Sponsor if you believe such User is selling data you have not made public, and we will take any action we deem appropriate in our discretion. You agree to hold LeagueOS harmless, and not to pursue LeagueOS, for the actions of other Users which violate our policies, including in the event that a League Owner or Sponsor sells your data in violation of our policies.

   6. We may share your Information as part of a transfer or assignment if we are acquired by, sold to, or merged with another entity, or otherwise reorganized or liquidated, provided that, if in connection with such sale, merger, or other reorganization, the collection, use, or disclosure or your data will differ from this policy, you will receive  a notification of the same as provided herein above, and you may terminate your Account in your discretion.

   7. We may share your Information in response to legal processes, court orders, or government or regulatory requests; to enforce other agreements with you, including for billing and collection purposes; and if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our sites and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements.

   8. We may share your Information with credit card issuers and financial institutions in order to obtain payment from you, such that they may process payments and refunds, verify the absence of fraud, or assist in debt collection, in the course of the performance of a contract or on the basis of other legitimate interests.

   9. We may share your Information as appropriate to protect other Users, third parties, and LeagueOS, if we believe that you may harm, or have harmed, the property or rights of LeagueOS, other Users, or any other third party (which includes the act of utilizing the Services or Websites to distribute unsolicited email or text messages or to make unsolicited telephone calls, or to send any emails, text message or make telephone calls in violation of any law or regulation), to report, disclose, limit, respond to, or prevent such conduct or activity.

7. **Additional Terms for Certain Leagues.** We may allow certain Leagues to collect additional Information, or use certain Information, in ways that may not be covered herein. If we present additional or supplemental privacy terms to you prior to you joining, or at any time during you participation in, a certain League, you agree that such additional policies and provisions will be binding on you.  Your choice is to not join, or to cease your participation in, a League, if you do not agree with the plan for the use, disclosure, or protection of your data. 

8. **Children.** This policy applies to every User, including children under 13 when we have received the consent of a parent or other legal guardian. We do not knowingly collect Information from children under 13 unless we have the consent of the parent or other legal guardian of such child. If you become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information without such consent, please contact us. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information without such consent, we will take steps to terminate the child’s Account and delete any Personal Information provided to us. We will not require a child to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the Services.  If you are a parent or other legal guardian who has provided consent for a child under 13 to use the Website and Services, you have the right to review your child’s collected Personal Information, request deletion of the same, and at any time refuse to allow any further collection or use of your child’s information. 

9. **Your Choices Regarding Your Data.** Your Account may provide you with certain options with respect to Information we collect from You, and we may provide you with the option to update or delete certain Information that we may have about you. If you delete certain information, or decline to share certain Information with us, we may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionalities otherwise available via the Website.

10. **Jurisdiction-Specific Privacy Addenda.** Depending on the state or country in which you reside, or in which you access the Website, you may be entitled to certain notices, or there may be additional restrictions or disclosures required regarding the use of your Information. Please visit [https://www.leagueos.gg/jurisdictions](https://www.leagueos.gg/jurisdictions) to review whether any such additional provisions apply to you and how those may affect your information. The jurisdiction-specific information provided at such link shall be considered an addendum to and incorporated into this Privacy Policy to the extent such information applies to you. 

11. **Account Closure & Deletion.** We will retain your Information for the entire time that you keep your Account open. After you close your Account, we may retain your Information: (i) for as long as necessary to comply with any legal requirement, to protect our legal interests, or otherwise pursue our legal rights and remedies; (ii) on our backup and disaster recovery systems in accordance with our backup and disaster recovery policies and procedures; and (iii) for data that has been aggregated or otherwise rendered anonymous in such a manner that you are no longer identifiable, indefinitely.

12. **Security of Information.** We have put in place industry-standard procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, to maintain data security, and to use correctly the information we collect online, such as dedicated virtual private servers, a web application firewall, an encrypted database, and no third-party access to the server. Unfortunately, we cannot guarantee that 100% of the data transmissions are secure. Therefore, while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are limitations to security and privacy of the Internet that are beyond our control; (b) the security, integrity and privacy of your personally identifiable information exchanged between you and us cannot be guaranteed; and (c) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party. For any payments to LeagueOS, we may use a third-party payment processor to better ensure the security of your payment information. Such third-party processor may have its own Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. We recommend that you review such third-party policies when making a payment to us to understand the security measures such third-party has taken regarding your payment information.

13. **Consent Revocation and Opt-Out.** To the extent we rely on your consent to process any information, you may revoke that consent at any time. If you wish to revoke such consent, or if at any time you do not wish to receive the communications stated herein from LeagueOS, you may do so by sending your request to LeagueOS by email at support@leagueos.gg. It may take up to ten (10) days for the change to be fully effective. You may also be able to make these changes via your Account. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may continuously maintain any anonymized and de-identified data.

14. **Third-Party Services.** Except as otherwise discussed herein, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of Information that you provide to us. Other sites accessible through our Website, including but not limited to Twitch.tv, may have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each site’s privacy policy and terms of use. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. You should contact those third parties directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.
